# Stock-Market-Data-Visualization

Stock market investment decision can be made based on the current market situation and the historical data analysis on specific stocks. And price changing of different stocks for a long-term period indicates the potential connection between the listed companies. This Stock Market Data Visualization project aims to analyse stocks of various companies to specify what companies can be more beneficial to invest upon. Most of the people have very limited knowledge on stock market. To make a decision for investment will require time, knowledge and awareness on stock market historical data, and how the data varies over time. Visualization of this data can make people understand the data and they will get a clear idea about stock market operations and take proper decision for investing on various stocks.
Visual portrayal is one of the most efficient approaches to help speculators to have a reasonable outline of developments of the securities exchange, just as giving a more profound comprehension of every individual stock. The utilization of chart drawing strategy can offer pictured information with explicit characteristics, for example, weight data, accompanies graphical associations between every information component. The major question here isn't just to furnish clients with an extensive showcase of enormous diagrams on the screen, yet additionally an easy-to-understand traversable visual structure for clients perusing through the structure to locate a specific detail of applicable information.
